# Played The Sims 2 and got Dry eyes syndrome

Hey hope you guys are doing fine (if there are any). I downloaded The Sims 2 few days ago, for my sister. Well she asked me to download the Sims 2 or 3 for her. But I felt like Sims 3 is a little too heavy so I went with The Sims 2. She did enjoy it for few hours but struggled with the game, because it's a little bit too complex for someone playing any Sims game for the first time. I was fine because I had played the Sims 1 many years ago. But the thing is, I didn't expect that I would end up playing the game too. But you know, most of the times unexpected things happen right? Well yeah I ended up falling in love with the game. My sister didn't play it much but I did. Actually I did play a little too much to be honest.

These days like 98% of my day is spent infront of a computer screen. Because I learn web developing and some programming. And since few weeks I had some troubles with my eyes. I know I should have get proper screen off times. But I forgot to take breaks and ended up using computers for many hours straight without any intervals. Don't do it. And today I watched some videos on Udemy, read few pages of an ebook and played a lot the Sims 2. And now I have a serious pain in the back of my eye. I am 70% sure that this is dry eyes syndrome. Actually I've had this few times before. I could make it go away each time by taking regular breaks and decreasing my screen time. But this time the pain is more intense. So I will have to keep a more serious schedule when playing games and using the computer. So today I promised myself to do so. And btw as a punishment I won't play any video games tomorrow.

Some home remedies to control dry eyes :
  Wash eye lids with clean water
  Take sctrict breaks when using all kinds of screens
  Blink more
Actually those are more like 'how to prevent dry eyes' but anyway take care of your eyes. Don't be like me.

Stay safe and happy!
