#Personal Ideas about Cicada3301 And Buddhism

Hello there wonderful people of the gemini space! First I want to make clear that I am very new to this Cicada puzzle thing. Still I didn't even try to crack it. All I did was just read the cracked pages. And I felt like it is very familiar, what they are trying to find. Yes, the enlightenment. To be specific how they describe the enlighenment is what's familiar to me. I do not know if this group of people are already enlightened, well I don't think so. May be they are trying to find it. Some online articles I read said something like this too, that they are a group of very intelligent people trying to discover enlightenment. Some articles said that they are testing us. 

Anyway I was born a Buddhist. I am from Sri Lanka by the way. Eventhough I was born a Buddhist I didn't take Buddhism seriously until few years ago. Because here in Sri Lanka most of the people are Buddhists but 99% of them acted like they don't even have a religion. So I was just disappointed, I mean even our Buddhists monks were not following what Lord Buddha has said. Most of them are corrupted, governments use Buddhism as a tool, they manipulated stupid Buddhists to harrass minority Muslims, they started an ethnic war against Tamil people again by manipulating the Buddhists. Eventhough here people were born as Buddhists in short they didn't give a shit. They didn't try to learn what Buddhism really is. I mean most of the Buddhists here doesn't believe in enlightenment. They think it's some kind of a super power like thing. They think if you are enlightened you can fly, walk on water like stupid things. They don't even understand that enlightenment is upgrading our own minds to the highest possible extent. That's the real purpose of Buddhism. Not worshipping statues, not making huge stupas or temples, not fighting for Buddhism. It's stupid to fight against the real Buddhism, it's a philosophy it can not be destroyed. What can be destroyed is the fake Buddhism, which is a livelihood for a lot of people.

Before going into the real topic let me tell you guys a very short story (in my way). Here in Sri Lanka there is this king called 'Dutugamunu' he is the highest respected king to live here. Do you guys know why? Because it's told that he faught for Buddhism. But what actually happened is, those days the Nothern part of Sri Lanka was ruled by a Tamil king named "Elara" even our Buddhists writings say that he is a very lawful king, he even punished his own son. But still this Dutugamunu wanted to kill that king. Guess why? Because he was Tamil! He couldn't bear to let a Tamil king to rule this land. So he organized an army invaded the Nothern Sri Lanka, killed a lot of innocent people and their good King. And before he going to war he said this "This exercise of mine, is not for more royal comforts, but for the fake of Buddhism". See? The first ever principle of Buddhism is not to kill. And he killed a lot of people in the name of Buddhism. But still most stupid Sri Lankan Buddhists think he as a hero. And they think he is in heaven, well I think he is rotting in hell.

Because of all those things, now I only follow the philosophy of Buddhism. 

Now to the real topic..

In cicada Liber Primus there is this text saying,

"WE  HAVE  WHAT  WE  HAVE  NOW  BY  LUCK;  AND  WE  WILL  NOT  BE  STRONG  ENOUGH  LATER  TO  OBTAIN  WHAT  WE  NEED
MOST  THINGS  ARE  NOT  WORTH  CONSUMING
PRESERVATION
WE  PRESERVE  THINGS  BECAUSE  WE  BELIEVE  WE  ARE  WEAK
IF  WE  LOSE  THEM  WE  WILL  NOT  BE  STRONG  ENOUGH  TO  GAIN  THEM  AGAIN
THIS  IS  THE  DECEPTION"

Here I see that those people in Cicada are trying to make us understand how things work. Here basically they say it's not worth it to preserve different things. And one of the key principle in Buddhism is, to live in the PRESENT. 
Or live in the moment. 

They are trying to explain if "why?" apparently they are more scientific people, if they are just spiritual or religious, "WHY" won't matter. If we read that text I quoted from Liber Primus, don't you feel it's just exactly true? I feel it, I have feel it before. Everytime I try to preserve just because I am scared that I will not able to get those again later. 
And I see that they are scanning their own minds. They are watching their feelings and emotions. You know what? in Buddhism that is called the path to enlightenment. Enlightenment lies inside us. So personally I think they are behind enlightenment.

For as an example.
When you are angry, stop for a moment and watch your feelings and emotions, just don't do anything and stare how your mind work. And then try to figure out if why you are mad. I mean the real reason. Or just sit and keep staring at your feelings and know that you are angry. And keep staring for few minutes, your anger will go away. Once we understand if what's going on really then that's it. 

Imagine that someone cheated on you. You will get angry, but then just sit down and think if why you are angry. You are angry not because someone cheated on you. You are angry because you are scared to lose all the comfort, attention and love you got. After all you haven't loved that person after all. You have just loved those things you got from them. You have loved the image you created on your mind. You got angry because you never expected that person to cheat on you. Because you had unrealistic expectations about something that could have happen.

I am not sure if you are getting what I am trying to say. It's hard to explain the feelings. 

And there is this text,

"AND  THUS  OUR  DIVINITY
SOME  WISDOM
AMASS  GREAT  WEALTH
NEVER  BECOME  ATTACHED  TO  WHAT  YOU  OWN
BE  PREPARED  TO  DESTROY  ALL  THAT  YOU  OWN
AN  INSTRUCTION
PROGRAM  YOUR  MIND
PROGRAM  REALITY"

In Buddhism another main teaching is to give up. Not give up physically. But to give up mentally. It's easy to say but very hard to practice. Say if you have a beautiful car, and you love it. Then you are trapped to feel sad in the future. Because you are being mentally dependant on that car. If something happened to that car you will just feel sad, because you love it. You love it because you are stupid. A car is just a physical object with a purpose to take you here and there. And it's not something to get attached to. It's stupid to get attached to. Again it's easy to say but very hard to not get attached. If you can live without getting attached to anything. Then you are already enlightened. Free of sorrows and agony. Then you have already in the paradise and have already joined the rhythm of the universe. 

Again this is my personal opinion, I don't have facts. 
And I don't know if this is what they meant. I don't even know for sure that they are looking for some kind of an enlightenment. But this is what I believe. 

They say that be prepared to destroy all that you got. Well if you can destroy everything you've got without feeling anything, then that's it. 

Oh! crap this is getting too long. So I will end this. BTW I didn't write everything that I should've written. For all my life there was only one person I have found that teach the real principles of Buddhism. I can't explain anything without first fully understaing it right? So if you want to learn about the enlightenment you better ask it from someone enlightened. 
Again I PERSONALLY think this teacher is enlightened. I know this sounds unbelievable, but I am not kidding. There are all the sermons that I've listening to. But most of the content is in Sinhala language. https://ashramaya.org/sermons.html
But there are some short English videos too, https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcEmHBdpHAbLyIkux48HECJaZMZfjQC60
May be later I will upload some videos to peertube.
