# Lemmy, the decentralized reddit alternative!

Hello there folks, hope you guys are doing fine. I saw that a lot of places are suffering from freezing cold temperature and snowfall, well how different. Here in Sri Lanka it's freaking hot even at night. So if you are someone who hate cold, snow and winter come to Sri Lanka. May be get citizenship and be an election candidate, get elected to the freaking parliament, be the prime minister or president and please save this damn country.
[ read the rest if you don't know about Lemmy ]

Haha anyway today I found out about Lemmy, the mighty decentralized reddit alternative. Too bad I didn't hear about it earlier. Right now there are 7913 members and 1619 communities, so it's still in its infancy but already it's almost complete. It looks nice and there are many themese if you care about customization and stuff. My favorite theme is cyborg, it has a very dark background and light text (headers are greyish color). Hey and there's a gemini community too. It's pretty new too, I think it was created like seven months ago (oldest post is from seven months) and it has 42 subscribers at the moment. 
I think Lemmy will get well crowded in few more months just like mastodon. There is a rate of 137 users joining Lemmy per day, so I don't think it's very bad for a new platform like Lemmy.

And even though it's just today that I found out about Lemmy, I got too excited and even went ahead and created a new community for One Piece anime. I am a big fan of the great anime One Piece btw. Well speaking of it still I am the only subscriber(member), but I hope it will get a little better with time. Anyway there not enough communities, so if you were interested in a particular subreddit in reddit, there's a significant chance for it to not exist on Lemmy. So may be you can go ahead and create the community. 

I just wanted to say this, so I will keep the post short and end it. If you are interested in Lemmy 
=>https://join.lemmy.ml/ this is the link, and you can donate them 
=>https://join.lemmy.ml/sponsors/ here.
Thank you for reading. Stay safe and happy!
