# Played Grand Theft Auto Sanandreas!

I am a huge fan of the Grand Theft Auto series by Rockstar games. I have been playing those games since I was a little kid. Yes yes I know it is for the mature audience,but I played anyway. I started with grand theft auto II and played everything except for Liberty City stories and Vice City stories.
I've been playing Grand Theft Auto V for few years now. Until my graphic card died. I was very sad because without it I no longer could play games like GTA V or ARMA 3. I absolutely loved those. Other than those I've been playing classic games like Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition, DOOM3 and Age of Empires 2 the Definitive edition. Fortunately I could find my old 512MBs 9500GT graphic card. I didn't expect it to work after all these years. But holy fuck it worked. And since then I've been using this old gpu. As I couldn't play anything fancy with this GPU I installed some old GTA games to play when I am bored. I completed story lines of both GTA Vice City and Sanandreas again. I don't know how many times I installed GTA Sanandreas, I used to install and play it from time to time, even when I was playing GTA V. 
After beating the Sanandreas story, I was bored again. So I started modding. I was no expert at this at all. First I installed some simple mods like cars and bikes. Then I downloaded a bunch of CLEO scripts and stuff too. Some of my favorites were 'fuel mod', 'tuning mod' and 'save anywhere mod'. The graphics were not great but the story and map was just much better than GTA V to be honest. I really really enjoyed those country side driving in Sanandreas, specially when it is raining. When it's raining I love to fly some planes too. 
Ohw and I replaced Sultan with a Mitsubishi Evo and the Elegy with a Nissan Skyline R32! I just love those two cars. 

And when I was playing GTA V I always used the first person camera to drive and fly planes. I really missed it in Sanandreas, so today I downloaded another mod to to use first person mod in Sanandreas. I thought it was gonna be really good. Actually in most cases it was good. But after some driving and flying a plane all around the map, I really felt tired because the camera movements were not very smooth. And it was difficult to see the road when driving. After some time I even felt nauseous, so I turned the game off and took a shower. 
But anyway it's just so good to play some great old games like this one. 

BTW koyu.space was down for few hours. That's why I just wrote this here. But anyway it's good too because if not I won't write anything here. 

=>gemini://koyu.space/SEEK/ home!
